Hey, I really can't identify it.
I saw you so imposing just now
I almost believed what you said
I didn't expect it, hahaha, I'm really dying of laughter.
Xiao Wuji, please lie and place an order
Can I just buy a real card?
Even if there is no money in it
It's better than this unrecognizable fake card, right?
Miss, your POS machine should be malfunctioning.
Check it out.
look down on
Why don't you say the global network is down?
I see, don't hold on
If you really can't settle the account
Stay and wash the dishes
You need to know
Not everyone can live here in Genting Immortal
Martial arts is very important
You're a blessing in disguise, sorry sir
We don't support it here for enemy photos.
Please pay ASAP.
Otherwise I'll have to call security
How come?
Who made you make a fuss here?
Can you afford it if you get other guests?
Manager, there is a customer who wants to pay the bill.
But his card is not recognized and will not be replaced
I just shut up
Blind your dog eyes
This card is the only Supreme Black in the world
It must be your machine that is broken, so hurry up and roll down.
And it gets worse.
Sir, due to our work mistakes
The unpleasantness of your meal
I apologize here for 12 points.
Please forgive me.